MTV 2.11.6 release notes update (#918)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/ref_resolved-issues-2-11-6.adoc

Before this update, {project-short} automatically installed a vSphere Installation Bundle (VIB) called `vmkfstools-wrapper` on each clone. This often caused memory issues on ESXi hosts, and migrations failed as a result. This release removes automatic VIB installation, and memory failures no longer occur during clone operations. The `vmkfstools-wrapper` VIB is only needed for storage copy offload migrations. For information about VIB installation, see link:{mtv-plan}assembly_planning-migration-vmware_mtv#proc_storage-copy-offload-vib-set-up_vmware[Setting up storage copy offload using the VIB].
+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MTV-5320[MTV-5320]

Populator pods no longer fail with VIB installation errors during storage offload migrations::

> Before this update, each populator pod attempted to check and install the VIB on the ESXi host at runtime. When many pods spawned simultaneously for a virtual machine with many disks, the concurrent `esxcli` calls overwhelmed the host. As a consequence, failures occurred. With this update, the automatic VIB installation is removed from the populator flow. As a result, populator pods no longer fail with VIB installation errors. Users must install the VIB on ESXi hosts manually before a migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, each populator pod attempted to check and install the VIB on the ESXi host at runtime. When many pods spawned simultaneously for a virtual machine with many disks, the concurrent `esxcli` calls overwhelmed the host. As a consequence, populator pods failed. With this update, the automatic VIB installation is removed from the populator flow. As a result, populator pods no longer fail with VIB installation errors. You must install the VIB on ESXi hosts manually before a migration.
```

> // no ticket number due to security issue

Author: Stefan says - I think you can link to 5320 as it was fixed in the same issue
